Grandma was Zhou Yuehan who beat me
I was about to be beaten to death by him
Little bunny, how dare you hit my grandson?
Are you courting death?
It was your grandson who farted first
How could my grandson be so cute to fight?
Who said that, stand up to me
Arbitration, are you really bullying people?
Zhou Yuhan was almost poisoned by his mother
I won't let anyone eat her food
Also to avoid being poisoned
I am not wrong
Zhu Youcai, you are going too far
Apologize to Zhou Yuehan immediately
Why should my grandson apologize?
My grandson is also good for everyone
If Zhou Yuehan were a good boy, they would poison him to death
Where did the lunatic come from?
I thought virgins still didn't teach well
Now it seems to be rotten from the root
Bad kids deserve to be disciplined
Bah, what are you, you dare to butler my talented family
You are just jealous of my family's good conditions
Your family is in good condition
Looks like I have to talk to Zhou Yuesheng
Zhou Yuesheng Happy Spring Zhou Yuesheng
Yeah, that's him.
The offspring that the old man wanted to curry favor with before
It seems to be called Zhou Yuesheng, misunderstood, misunderstood
Zhujiacun and Happy Village are good brothers
Youcai and Xiaohan are also good brothers
Get close later
I don't want this from your mother
The child is ignorant
The Zhou family's family is talented and ignorant
We adults
Don't talk to children in general
Sorry, I like to argue with my children
I have to apologize to my son